feat(models): Add CUDA FFT backend for spherical harmonic transforms (#1165)
ecmwf/anemoi-core: training/docs/modules/losses.rst

.. note::

   ``ReducedSHT`` and ``OctahedralSHT`` both perform a spherical harmonic transform on a reduced Gaussian grid.

>    On supported CUDA grids, the default reduced-grid Fourier backend uses the CUDA ring FFT extension. The extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On CUDA-compatible devices, the default reduced-grid Fourier backend uses the CUDA ring FFT extension. The extension
```
